README.md, before:

[![Review Assignment Due Date](https://classroom.github.com/assets/deadline-readme-button-24ddc0f5d75046c5622901739e7c5dd533143b0c8e959d652212380cedb1ea36.svg)](https://classroom.github.com/a/HQdlhcoz)

<div align="center">

</br></br>
[![iod logo](https://x4w8f4y8.rocketcdn.me/wp-content/uploads/2020/05/iod_h_tp_white_c.png)](#)
</br></br>
![iod_miniproject_2](https://i.ibb.co/84Dbdx8/iod-gold.png)
</br></br>

</div>

>## Capstone Project: Percs


Percs is an electronic coffee loyalty card platform allowing customers to search, save and locate participating cafes and restaurants.


### Background:
Throughout the world New Zealand's coffee culture is renowned as being one of the best. With so many great options available it can be difficult to get your brand visible. One way of promoting cafe's in the past has been the use of coffee cards. Although cards are easy advertisement, they are frequently lost, discarded or forgotten about, typically only being utilized by the most loyal customer.</br></br>
Percs provides a modern solution to these problems, a mobile app that allows customers to quickly find and save your coffee card. Utilizing a map and itemized lists customers are able to view and share your business with ease. Coffee cards will never again be left at home or put through the wash. Quick access will keep your business at the front of the customers mind when out and about or exploring new locales.</br></br>
In addition to providing greater visibility for businesses implementation is simple, ongoing costs are lower compared to physical coffee cards and sustainability is improved. By joining in partnership with Percs you will be continuing to promote our unique coffee culture as well as your personal brand.


### Scope
Your project must make use of the following:
- Client-Server architecture (or Client - Server - other services)
- Displaying and Updating Data
- Database for CRUD Operations
- User Interface for Data Submission

<br>





> [!Important]
> ### Documentation archive
> Ensure that all documentation for the Capstone project is provided within a dedicated folder in this repository, adhering to appropriate file formats.
> 
> This is a **REQUIREMENT** to complete the course.



<br><br>

Commit message:

Returned to original readme and shifted project README into docs

README.md, after:

[![Review Assignment Due Date](https://classroom.github.com/assets/deadline-readme-button-24ddc0f5d75046c5622901739e7c5dd533143b0c8e959d652212380cedb1ea36.svg)](https://classroom.github.com/a/HQdlhcoz)

<div align="center">

</br></br>
[![iod logo](https://x4w8f4y8.rocketcdn.me/wp-content/uploads/2020/05/iod_h_tp_white_c.png)](#)
</br></br>
![iod_miniproject_2](https://i.ibb.co/84Dbdx8/iod-gold.png)
</br></br>

</div>

>## Capstone Project


You are required to define, design and deliver a software 
project towards the end of the course, showcasing the skills 
you have learnt in the course. It will give you full exposure to 
the software development life cycle.


### Project deliverables:
- Code (GitHub repository including a Readme file) (*THIS)
- Presentation and Demo of 5-10 minutes
- Project documentation (template provided in slack/email)

### Scope
Your project must make use of the following:
- Client-Server architecture (or Client - Server - other services)
- Displaying and Updating Data
- Database for CRUD Operations
- User Interface for Data Submission

<br>





> [!Important]
> ### Documentation archive
> Ensure that all documentation for the Capstone project is provided within a dedicated folder in this repository, adhering to appropriate file formats.
> 
> This is a **REQUIREMENT** to complete the course.



<br><br>
