Documents/Word-PDF/tasklist.md, before:

# Capstone Objectives
## Main tasks
### Documentation
- [] 1. Background
- [] 2. Scope
- [] 3. Aim
- [x] 4. Objectives
- [x] 5. Timeline
- [x] 6. Workflows
- [x] 7. Data structure
- [] 8. usage? (who will actually be end user what does this look like)
- [] 9. Version control management (create branch for updates and keep current working build on main)
- [] 10. Create branch 
- [] 11. 
- [] 12. 

### Frontend objectives
- [x] 1. Planning
- [] 2. Vendor tile component
- [] 3. Vendor Map pins (pull data from backend)
- [] 4. Vendor card layout (mui grids)
- [] 5. Free coffee page (cards and grids basic setup)
- [] 6. Integration of front and backend
- [] 7. Logic for handling count of stamps and coffee cards (For loops)
- [] 8. User login logic (in conjunction with backend auths)
- [] 9. Fix current bugs and errors (document known bugs first collate and record hand written notes)
- [] 10. Protected routes
- [] 11. Testing (vite)
- [] 12. Internationalisation
- [] 13. Accessability (use lighthouse to check)
- [] 14. metadata (SEO)

### Backend objectives
- [x] 1. Planning
- [] 2. Schemas (for new collections being added)
- [] 3. controllers/routing fro new models
- [] 4. Authentication
- [] 5. Authorizations
- [] 6. Swagger docs for new schemas
- [] 7. Bruno testing of routes

<!-- FE: Frontend issue, BE: Backend issue -->
## Known issues/Bugs
- [] FE: Hardcoded css values (Improve responsiveness)
- [] FE: NavBar overlaying on pages (add to pages then stop rerender)
- [] :

Commit message:

initial commit for new branch, fetching of pins being worked on

Documents/Word-PDF/tasklist.md, after:

# Capstone Objectives
## Main tasks
### Documentation
- [] 1. Background
- [] 2. Scope
- [] 3. Aim
- [x] 4. Objectives
- [x] 5. Timeline
- [x] 6. Workflows
- [x] 7. Data structure
- [] 8. usage? (who will actually be end user what does this look like)
- [] 9. Version control management (create branch for updates and keep current working build on main)
- [] 10. Create README.md (provide context and guidelines for working on the project)
- [] 11. Record what libraries and frameworks used and why
- [] 12. 

### Frontend objectives
- [x] 1. Planning
- [] 2. Vendor tile component
- [] 3. Vendor Map pins (pull data from backend)
- [] 4. Vendor card layout (mui grids)
- [] 5. Free coffee page (cards and grids basic setup)
- [] 6. Integration of front and backend
- [] 7. Logic for handling count of stamps and coffee cards (For loops)
- [] 8. User login logic (in conjunction with backend auths)
- [] 9. Fix current bugs and errors (document known bugs first collate and record hand written notes)
- [] 10. Protected routes
- [] 11. Testing (vite)
- [] 12. Internationalisation
- [] 13. Accessability (use lighthouse to check)
- [] 14. metadata (SEO)

### Backend objectives
- [x] 1. Planning
- [] 2. Schemas (for new collections being added)
- [] 3. controllers/routing fro new models
- [] 4. Authentication
- [] 5. Authorizations
- [] 6. Swagger docs for new schemas
- [] 7. Bruno testing of routes

<!-- FE: Frontend issue, BE: Backend issue -->
## Known issues/Bugs
- [] FE: Hardcoded css values (Improve responsiveness, sign in/up, topnavbar logo, vendor details)
- [] FE: NavBar overlaying on pages (add to pages then stop rerender)
- [] :
